README.md, before:


![Masud Al Mahdi - Web Developer | React, Nodejs, Tailwind, Mongodb](imgs/cover.svg)

## 📈 Stats-Overview:

<img style="width:100%;" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=masud-almahdi-dev&theme=github_dark">
<p align="center" style="display:flex">
    <img src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=masud-almahdi-dev&theme=github_dark" width="48%">
    <img src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/repos-per-language?username=masud-almahdi-dev&theme=github_dark" width="48%">
</p>

## 📧 Find me at:
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/masudalmahdidev"><img src="/imgs/fb.svg" width="30%" /></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/masudalmahdidev"><img src="/imgs/tw.svg" width="30%" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/masudalmahdidev/"><img src="/imgs/lin.svg" width="30%" /></a>
</p>
## 🌃 More-About-me:
- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

<!--
**masud-almahdi-dev/masud-almahdi-dev** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

updated more about me page

README.md, after:


![Masud Al Mahdi - Web Developer | React, Nodejs, Tailwind, Mongodb](imgs/cover.svg)

## 📈 Stats-Overview:

<img style="width:100%;" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=masud-almahdi-dev&theme=github_dark">
<p align="center" style="display:flex">
    <img src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/stats?username=masud-almahdi-dev&theme=github_dark" width="48%">
    <img src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/repos-per-language?username=masud-almahdi-dev&theme=github_dark" width="48%">
</p>

## 📧 Find me at:
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/masudalmahdidev"><img src="/imgs/fb.svg" width="30%" /></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/masudalmahdidev"><img src="/imgs/tw.svg" width="30%" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/masudalmahdidev/"><img src="/imgs/lin.svg" width="30%" /></a>
</p>


## 🌃 More-About-me:
- 🔭 I’m currently working on: React Firebase Projects
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: Learning Next.JS
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: New and Upcoming Technologies
- 💬 Ask me about: Development Bottlenecks & Solutions
- 📫 How to reach me: [![Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/masudalmahdidev)]
- ⚡ More Info: I'm also good at software development with C++ & Python 😊
